---
date: 2023-05-09 01:12:50
layout: post
title: Welcome to the dev-blog of Insight!

description: For students, by students
image: /assets/img/banner.png
optimized_image: /assets/img/banner.png
category: blog
tags:
  - devs
  - blog

---
Hi! Welcome to the 1st post of the dev blog of Insight--the official app for all things IISER Mohali, for the students by the students. This development blog will be a place where we will share our experiences and our journey as we build Insight into the app of our dreams.  

## What is Insight?

Insight is an app that aims to be the one-stop solution for all things IISER Mohali. It will be a platform for students to find all the information they need about the institute and the events and for students to find all the resources they need to make their lives easier. We intend to cover all student-services like the SRMC services, the bus schedule, the academic calendar, the course structure, the hostel complaints register and lots of other things! Also, we are planning special support for Insomnia and IICM contingents!

## Is our data secure?

For all the privacy-concerned people, yes, all your data is secure. The app works by using GMail login. The Gmail login generates an OAuth2 ID (secure and local file only). It only allows login only if it is an IISER M ID and retrieves user information and end-to-end encrypted Gmail read-only mail access (only if provided permission).All info is stored in MongoDB and securely retrieved from there. In short, we cannot see anything confidential.

## What is the current status of the app?

We are currently in the alpha stage of development. We have a working prototype of the app that we are testing internally. We are also working on the backend and the database. However, very soon, we will be able to release the app for beta testing pretty soon! Also for our iOS users, don't worry: this is going to get an iOS release very soon as well.

## However, we can always do with some help.
 
As you understand, working on an app is a big project, and no, we are not only talking about the coding part of it. As you see, we are currently a small team of people, and we also need people to work with us in a lot of things. If you are interested in joining us, please fill out this form [here](https://forms.gle/ACnYDNXeiezsLymK7). We are looking for people who are interested in helping us out. Currently we do not have a job distribution in mind, and depending on the number of people who sign up and our requirements, we can distribute the work. If you are interested, please fill out the form, and we will get back to you. 

Note: Although we don't really have any qualifications/prerequisites necessary to work on this, we would like to mention that we would like you to have some experience in any computer language. 

### Are you ready to join us in one of the biggest projects of this Institute?!


This project is still in active development, and we are constantly looking for inputs from you. If you have any queries, you can contact us in the meanwhile at `turingclub@iisermohali.ac.in`, or contact any of the developers/club officials.

**Developers of Insight:**

* *Kshitish Kumar Ratha* (ms22174@iisermohali.ac.in)
* *Darsh A* (ms22068@iisermohali.ac.in)

**Club Officials:**

* *Aditya Jain* (ms19030@iisermohali.ac.in/+91 95606 08956)
* *Rajnil Mukherjee* (ms21213@iisermohali.ac.in/+91 8017965462)
* *Kaushik Gupta* (ms20129@iisermohali.ac.in/+91 7357832248)
