---
date: 2023-08-19 01:12:50
layout: post
title: Beta release!
image: "/assets/img/Insight_QR.jpg"
optimized_image: "/assets/img/Insight_QR.jpg"
category: blog
tags:
  - devs
  - blog

---

## Hello everyone!

With this post, we are pleased to inform you that finally, we are launching the beta version of the app “Insight” to the general student body! The app will be available for download via an APK file for all Android devices. For the moment we are using an APK file for download,  however, in a few days we will launch it through the Google Play Store and in a couple of months, launch it via the Apple App Store!

In order to download the app, scan the QR attached here! You can also download by clicking [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pjluCLgedt4hDSWOPWkK0yNzje65aCNr/view)!

### Features!

1. We have provided a lot of the major campus facilities like the SRMC Menu, campus map with building and facility filtering. Also present are relevant campus-service timings and issuing hostel online complaints for all your hostel-related complaints (yes the very same ones which required you to go to Satinder ji and get them filed physically. Now he also has access to the app through which he can go through the complaints!) A lot more will be coming soon with future releases.

2. Lost and Found: Due to continuous complaints regarding the cluttering of the mailing list, we have taken the initiative to move all lost and found complaints through the app. We would really encourage all the students to try and use it and not the mailing list to help with this issue.

3. All Emergency contacts and a list of hospitals can be found on the app. A one-click emergency button is added to call the ambulance.

4. Club Officials, the SRC and SRMC can schedule events in the app calendar which sends a push notification to all the subscribed users about important meetings and events.
Club Officials can request a fully personalized club page, A few have already been added to the app.

5. All contacts of the administrative officials and the student body with other important contacts are present too.


And there's a lot more to come in the coming weeks!

We are open to suggestions, and you can also suggest/give feedback through the app! Use the form here: [Click Here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeXCdgQgpIqcQ2_69gshv3hiywsSMjroCra14NMnC9vHlHuUQ/viewform)! 

You can also send us feature/bug-related queries at the email <a href="mailto:insightiiserm@Gmail.com">`turingclub@iisermohali.ac.in`</a> and general student body-related queries at the <a href="mailto:turingclub@iisermohali.ac.in">`turingclub@iisermohali.ac.in`</a> email ID!

**Disclaimer**: Right now, for Android users, since the app has not been signed by Google Play Store yet, a warning will show regarding it during the installation. It's nothing serious and safe to avoid.
 
Also, PS: For the guys who are uncomfortable with downloading APK files, [here](https://www.javatpoint.com/how-to-install-apk-on-android) is a quick tutorial!

We hope you like our app!

Thanks and regards,

Team Insight
